- Update dependcies for `embedded-hal-bus` to 0.3.0 (#223)
rust-embedded-community/ssd1306: CHANGELOG.md

[`ssd1306`](https://crates.io/crates/ssd1306) is a no-std driver written in Rust for the popular
SSD1306 monochrome OLED display.

> ## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate
> - Update dependcies for `embedded-hal-bus` to 0.3.0
> - Switch iterator in `write_str` in mode/terminal.rs  from last() to next_back (see https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#double_ended_iterator_last)
> - parenthese for expression in in mode/terminal.rs (see https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#precedence) in mode/terminal.rs
> - If feature `async`is enabled, the embedded_hal_async::i2c::I2  is used instead of embedded_hal::i2c::I2c  so I2c can shared
> - Update examples
> 
> 
> 
> ## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- next-header -->
## [Unreleased] - ReleaseDate
### Changed
- Update `embedded-hal-bus` dependency to 0.3.0
- Update examples

### Fixed
- Parentheses for expression in mode/terminal.rs (see [precedence](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#precedence)) in mode/terminal.rs
- Switch iterator in `write_str` in mode/terminal.rs  from last() to next_back (see [double_ended_iterator_last](https://rust-lang.github.io/rust-clippy/master/index.html#double_ended_iterator_last))
- If feature `async` is enabled, the `embedded_hal_async::i2c::I2c`  is used instead of `embedded_hal::i2c::I2c`  so the I2C can be shared
```
